Calcium Chatamine 4 9409211817164 Please cut from here2. _After opening, close the zipper and save_. Nutritional Supplements_Nutritional Indication Name Eggshell Lucium Foods per bag (4 grains) per 0 servings Ingredients Maltose (domestic production) Lactose 8 Energy 25KCa Eggshell Calcium Lucium Crystal Cell 0.18 Loin Stearate Lucium; Hydration Heron 58 Vitamin days Vitamin D (contains thorium, milk ingredients, eggs, and soybeans in part) (Equivalent to food 0.0 ro Contents (250m ro Memuro grains) 3 4 U riru ro Expiration date Lower part of shelf Description 254 Storage method Please store in a cool, dark place, avoiding high temperatures, high humidity and direct sunlight. Seller CN Co., Ltd. 3-cho Shirokoro, Ueno, Taito-ku, Tokyo Processing company: Hashimoto Co., Ltd. Kyoto 6, Minamikaneki Shigemi, Oimachi, Kameoka City, Prefecture How to eat: Drink the whole thing with water or lukewarm water without chewing it for a day or so. Please avoid taking it in amounts that exceed the daily recommended amount. Please blindly place it in a place where it is difficult to see the breasts. Please check the ingredients and avoid food allergies. Depending on your physical condition and constitution, in rare cases, you may experience symptoms such as itching, eruption, bone discomfort, and pain. If you feel any abnormality in your body, stop taking the leaves for a while and use the leaves on your stomach. If you are in the hospital or are currently in the hospital, or if you are currently breastfeeding, please consult your doctor before consuming it. Because it is a food product, it should be eaten in a high-life environment. The feathers are tiring._ After sealing, it will be consumed as soon as possible, regardless of the expiration date.Depending on the raw materials, Tasairu Honsho may or may not be fresh in appearance.This product does not contain a dry explosive. No. After opening, please open the package tightly and store with the mouth closed. Contact information - Ori CNJ Ogumo-sama Sosanri TELD3-5807-3125 Reception hours 1 Roro Ro 17 Roro (excluding Sundays and holidays) OMP MADEIN JAPAN Kan Expiration date Mi_Kotocho Fi 0.18 10 ro Please. Always.